navigate to the folder, where we clone the repository.. 

go inside the folder by using "cd foldername"

git checkout -b mybranch  -- execute the command. {Make sure, we execute the command, when we swicthed to the actual folder}.
we will get switched to new branch branchname


git branch --show-current  --> this will show where we pointing out

Once changes are done in files and added new files in local repository, then 
git add .

git status

git commit -m "new changes"  --> Now all the changes are in local repository  {newly created  branch not in master} from workspace.

git push origin mybranch  --> created branchname

Now go to github, where we can the see the created branch along with pull requests..  "Compare and pull request"

we have to push our code from our own branch to Master branch. {make sure main branch is selected state}
To do that, click "Compare and pull request" in Git hub. That will take us to the next screen

Base: MAster <-- compare: mybranch

Fill Add Title, and Description -> Click "Create pull request"  --> This will create the pull request.

Then code will be reviewed by teammate. and then if all good, they will suggets to merge code..
Then we directly hit "Merge pull request" button. if any comments given that we heed to solve and raise pull request again.

hit "confirm merge" then we can see the code updated in Main/master branch. ...

the Above process will be for first time.. 
if we make changes again in local repository and try to merge it in main branch... we wont able to see the ""Compare and pull request"" this option in git repository.
do chnage in local repo 
git add .

git status

git commit -m "second chnages"

git push origin mybranch

we can able to see the chnages in our mybranch, but that chnages are not present in main/master 

select our mybranch  -> go to "Pull request"

click "New pull request"

once we select, that will show base and Compare
in Main -> it should point "Main/master", Commpare should point "mybranch"



Click "create pull request"

Provide Description -> Click create pull request

if any changes peer will provide comment. if all good, they will click "Merge pull request"

click "Confirm merge".

Now we able to see the changes are updated in main/master branch








